manifest: Update the Matter SDK version to 1.1.0.1 TAG (#11084)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/overview/dev_model.rst

The following table lists Matter versions supported in the |NCS|, with a brief overview of changes and the release date.

+-----------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------+
| Matter version  | Overview of changes                                                                                              | Release date        |
+=================+==================================================================================================================+=====================+

> | 1.1.0           | - Improved ICD support: more :ref:`ug_matter_configuring_optional_persistent_subscriptions`, improved monitoring | Unreleased          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 1.1.0           | - Improved ICD support: more :ref:`ug_matter_configuring_optional_persistent_subscriptions`, improved monitoring. | Unreleased          |
```
Can you expand ICD acronym to <name (ICD)>? "improved monitoring" of what?

> |                 | - Overall enhancements and bugfixes for Matter Specification, Certification Test Plan, and Matter SDK            |                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                 | - Enhancements and bug fixes for Matter Specification, Certification Test Plan, and the Matter SDK.            |                     |
```

> |                 | - Overall enhancements and bugfixes for Matter Specification, Certification Test Plan, and Matter SDK            |                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                 | - Enhancements and bug fixes for Matter Specification, Certification Test Plan, and the Matter SDK.            |                     |
```

> |                 | - Enhancements and bug fixes for Matter Specification, Certification Test Plan, and the Matter SDK.                            |                     |                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|                 | - Enhancements and bug fixes for Matter Specification, Certification Test Plan, and the Matter SDK.                            |                     |
```
